Docs Kubernetes Polish and Clarifications (#7819)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/kubernetes-access/guides/standalone-teleport.mdx

verify that the correct cluster is selected, or `kubectl config use-context
${CONTEXT_NAME?}` to switch to cluster `CONTEXT_NAME`.

> Next, use [get-kubeconfig.sh](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/examples/k8s-auth/get-kubeconfig.sh) to create a `kubeconfig` for Teleport to use. This will create the `teleport` namespace, the `teleport-sa` serviceaccount, a `teleport-role` clusterrole, and a corresponding `teleport-crb` clusterrolebinding.

Reviewer: I think this would be clearer as a list since it's a fairly dense collection of code-style text. Also suggested using plain-English versions of Kubernetes terms.

```suggestion
Next, use [get-kubeconfig.sh](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/examples/k8s-auth/get-kubeconfig.sh) to create a `kubeconfig` for Teleport to use. This will create:
- The `teleport` namespace
- The `teleport-sa` service account
- The `teleport-role` cluster role
- The `teleport-crb` cluster role binding
```

You can connect multiple Kubernetes clusters to Teleport from one `kubeconfig` if it contains multiple entries. Use
[merge-kubeconfigs.sh](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/examples/k8s-auth/merge-kubeconfigs.sh) to combine multiple `kubeconfigs` generated by `get-kubeconfig.sh`.

<Admonition type="warning" title="Warning" >

>     When using `kubeconfig_file`, EKS users may need to replace illegal characters in the `context` names.

Reviewer: - I think we should move this box to the next section after we introduce `kubeconfig_file`. Otherwise, this may not be clear to users who aren't familiar with that config setting.

- "When using `kubeconfig_file`" makes it sound to me like this setting is optional. I think it would be clearer if the last sentence of the box were first, so readers know more right away why we're adding this admonition. The box would say something like,

```markdown
In EKS `kubeconfig` files, context names typically include the `:` and `@` 
characters, which are invalid in Teleport. EKS users specifying a 
`kubeconfig_file` should make sure the file contains only the following 
characters in `context` names: alphanumeric characters, `.`, `_`, and `-`.
 ```

verify that the correct cluster is selected, or `kubectl config use-context
${CONTEXT_NAME?}` to switch to cluster `CONTEXT_NAME`.

Next, use [get-kubeconfig.sh](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/examples/k8s-auth/get-kubeconfig.sh) to create a `kubeconfig` for Teleport to use. This will create:
- The `teleport` namespace
- The `teleport-sa` service account
- The `teleport-role` cluster role
- The `teleport-crb` cluster role binding

You can connect multiple Kubernetes clusters to Teleport from one `kubeconfig` if it contains multiple entries. Use
[merge-kubeconfigs.sh](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/examples/k8s-auth/merge-kubeconfigs.sh) to combine multiple `kubeconfigs` generated by `get-kubeconfig.sh`.

> <Admonition type="warning" title="Warning" >

Reviewer: Let's remove this box from the "Generating kubeconfig" section since we moved it to the next section.

  kube_listen_addr: 0.0.0.0:3026
  # optional: set a different public address for kubernetes access
  kube_public_addr: kube.example.com:3026
```

> You will also need to have a `kubernetes_service` section in your `teleport.yaml` file. This can be in your existing proxy, or a new separate teleport instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to include a `kubernetes_service` section in your `teleport.yaml` file. This can be in your existing proxy or a separate Teleport instance:
```

```yaml
kubernetes_service:
  enabled: yes

>   # comment out the following line if this config file specifies a proxy endpoint for the auth server (IOT mode):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # comment out the following line if this config file specifies a proxy endpoint for the Auth Server (IOT mode):
```
